Organic Interaction Design (OID)

Inspired by Ben Fry's masters thesis "Organic Information Design"

	Machine Learning (ML)
	Computer Vision (CV)
	Genetics
	Computational Biology

==

	In his 2001 thesis, "Organic Information Design," Ben Fry explores the possibilites of representing large, complex volumes of data by simulating natural systems.

	His plots were incredible! Especially when we consider their implementation of over 10 years ago! 

	I would argue that Ben set out on a noble endeavour, but his efforts may have been misguided. The visualizations that he produced were primarily concerned with leveraging compuational power- less about generating easily understandable graphics. He states that he was interested in eliciting a qualitative response from purely quantitative data. This lends itself nicely to human interaction, less to scientific research; looking for emotional + empathetic response.

==

	One of my original ideas was to design a web-based system for adaptive optimization. How could your web page evolve to suit your needs better?

	Consider *White*

	Starting with a blank canvas, your 'object' or 'experience' grows towards your input metrics; it becomes a true I/O device in itself

		"Machine Learning, the technology that enables computational systems to adaptively improve their performance with experience accumulated from the observed data."

		-Learning From Data
		-many authors

	Why not leverage this power for the design of experience!

==

	These systems would 'naturally'

		Evolve
		Adapt
		Change/Alter initial Goals

		Learn
		Explore
		Ask 'new' Questions
		'Optomize'

		Engage
		Emphasize
		Articulate
		Acknowledge

		Play
		Puzzle/Problem Solving
		Joy
		Entertainment

		Nudge*


==

	Obvious cues:

		Monument Valley
		Slow Game
		EyeWire
		Chess
		iSpy
		Boxie
		Pixar Lamp
		Occulus --> Total Immersion
		Gestural Lamp

==

	Which platform is right?
		I have no idea...

	Is 'immersion' important?

	Do we consider 'flow' state?

	What is the goal?
		-To explore human/computer interaction?

==

	A recent fascination of mine is the speed of computation. Yes, computers are 'really' fast- that is really good for doing things like moving data around, crunching numbers; but it doesn't really help us understand them any better.

	What if we slowed all that down a bit?

	Designing interaction to be at the speed of humanity. Where people in conversation (would ideally..) spend equal time perceiving/receiving a converstaion then sending out their own thoughts.

	I'm not suggesting that we slow down the internet- steaming media is wonderful-

	I'm quesioning the speed/rate/pace of human computer interaction --> maybe that's one of th reasons that we feel 'less' connected.

==

	To wrap up

	Back to this idea of 'Organic Interaction Design'
						 'Ecological Interaction Design'

	Genetics
		-Biology. the science of heredity, dealing with resemblances and differences of related organisms resulting from the interaction of their genes and the environment.

	Form 	Function

	Designing systems inspired by natural processes, ecosystems; life

	They exhibit organic behavior, but not necessarily organic 'form.' I want to explore Natural Language Processing (NLP), but not limit this to speech, or text recognition; what if were applied this concept to Natural Interaction Processing (NIP). Much the way humans learn (very quickly) what the best way to interact with each other is, these systems would learn how to interact with the user, or each other based on context and environment.

	'OID'

==

	Alex