Alright.

So you have defined that you're really interested in creating some kind of a 'wormhole' between the physical and digital worlds. Technology like the Occulus rift does wonders for our Visual system, but what about our other senses?

Web development is a really powerful way to inexpensively scale an idea.

How can you use the technologies at hand, Arduino- JS - Internet to create a more connected experience?

Live photography vs basic vector illustation to connect people beyond abstraction.

Don't foget that you really really live in a bubble, and often people feel the need to move outwards from this, to seek realisic metaphors.

==

What is SCSS?

	Although you shouldn't build you idea around technology --> it is possible for you to utilize existing technology to realize your design!

	Data
	Front End Web Development
	Design
	UX // UI
	Sociology
	Evolution

==

Physics simulations are a really powerul way to deal with data, if the structures exhibit similar characteristics to our physical world, then we may find it easier to understand the relationships?

Perform fun tests of social data or really any kind of data within the scope of a physical environment. How can interaction design + data visualization infused with a physics engine become a more powerful tool?

	Verlet Constraints?
	Cools

It is possible to (very quickly) create an entropic system using simply a restitution value > 1

	Imagine if that value would dynamically flux, or really flux to a certain degree, thereby inflicting a sort of chaotic simulation...

	So the form is kind of there, and I don't see it floating around the web as much as it could, I mean how can you take semantic meaning and apply a sort of syntatic alteration, meaning the physics.. Does this effect the usefullness of the information?

	Road signs are so effective --> consistancy

	Where does consistancy become a bore?
	Does it?

==

Above all, I love designing adaptive + dynamic systems.
	+ Evolutionary would be really cool too :D

==

It's funny.

You're so good at creating a concept when it comes to design, but really not very capable when it comes to form... on the programming side you have the form but not the concept.

==

Alex