Neuroscience + Gamified Learning
Who said that learning has to be so cut and dr?

Often, designers are asked to find ways to explain complex information, (reduce) or recontextulize. This project seeks to understand how neuroscience + cognition can be applied through the lens of design to craft better experiences.

I offer a++ for this concept. It allows me to use relevant science in the back end, but solid ux design discipline in the forefront! Relevant to all aspects of my life! Could be a badass toolkit!
  
  Appications of this project include:
    -Onboarding (for apps + games)
    -Tutorials (immediate learning curves)
      I am particularly intersted in developing better systems to teach people about new environments.
    -Removing false pretenses
    -General Learning
    -Focus
    -Reduction

  References:
    "We know that the brain does not function as a set of independent areas, but as a network of specialized areas that collaborate."
      -Barry Van Veen
      -"Imagination, reality flow in opposite directions in the brain"
        http://medicalxpress.com/news/2014-11-reality-brain.html#ajTabs
    -
    -
    -
    -
    -
    -
    -

==

Explore the core topics of Neuroscience, through the lens of DESIGN

  -Perception
  -Learning
  -Memory
  -Reasoning

==

Design* a series of small experiments to communicate the core concepts in each of these fields.
  Learning through gamification if a central theme

  Form follows function?
  The method is in the medium?

  Let's just say that, (at this momemnt) I have no preconcieved objectives regarding the construction and production of this project.

    Is it worth considering how this work would scale?

    Yes.

    The project may use advanced fabrication techniques, (Laser Cutting, CNC Routing, 3D Printing) but the project format, and assembly should be designed in such a way that is inexpensive, and reproducable by a modest skill set.

    Applying these limitations helps to inform the final product. Sometimes limiting oneself can be incredibly helpful!

  The form of the experiments is to develop a series of experiments.

    Define objectives, such as "learn about perception by interacting with an object or interface"

    Naturally there would be supporting literature, but it would be accessible through a system of progressive dislosure. The games almost serve as a jumping off point, a place to get people motivated about learning more on the subject.

    I want to make sure that this isn't too* base level. I mean I'm not trying to do a project on education, but education through well-designed experiences is sort of interesting.

    Hmm.

    Worth a thought.. or three.
      I guess Shou's book was helpful..


==

Perhaps I could even team up with Sebastian, or another Neuroscientist to help me with this project. It would be really really interesting if this project could scale up to help people learn about these topics, don't you think?

Why not work closely with an expert to ensure that what I'm working on is legitimate and accurate!

Remember that becoming a master in any one of this respective fields would require a lifetime of effort. It would be naive of me to think that given 3 months of research+design that I would be able to make promising conjectures towards an advancement of our understanding of these materials.
  
Focus --> Specific
  
  Perhaps this project could grow beyond the bounds of a single degree project. My future research could be rooted in what I am able to 'start' with this project...

  Similar to Talia's adaptive architecture + spacial reasoning project from undergrad.

  Instead of attempting to kill all [4] topics at once, create a collection of supporting literature that points to a future toolkit for designers + innovators. Using these methods to develop better products + experiencs. For your DP_ seek to fully, (or as fully as possible!) develop a singular portion of this toolkit.

This theory of course sits on top of a complex systems framework where the  convergence of multiple emergent architectures fosters a "whole is greater than sum of parts" attitude.

==

Alex


